Hear or not?
Okay, stop playing.
Come and eat.
I've ordered rice.
What is this?
Good food, I'll try it first.
Laughing for two days.
I've lost you to An An.
Hey, Mr. Deer, do you still like the wrench finger I gave you?
I like it as long as you give it to me.
I've got you safely now.
It's time for me to go home.
Mr. Deer, it's getting late.
If you don't leave it at home, don't you have a headache?
My massage technique is very good.
I'll give you a massage.
Spring peach.
Clear the room next to me.
Let Deer's brother live there.
Baby has grown up
It hurts.
Yes, brother Lu is good to me.
Of course I have to love you.
Don't you have an opinion?
Of course he's fine.
The biggest advantage of Pho Hoai An is his independent personality.
"I'm stuck this time because I work so hard."
I take care of you more.
If the deputy has no opinion
Then I'll stay.
Deputy talent please
Honey, wait for me.